Psalm 145 a praise of David I will extol
Psalm 145 a praise of David I will extol you my god or King and I will bless your
you my god or King and I will bless your
you my god or King and I will bless your name forever and ever
name forever and ever
name forever and ever every day I will bless you and I will
every day I will bless you and I will
every day I will bless you and I will praise your name forever and ever
praise your name forever and ever
praise your name forever and ever great is the Lord and greatly to be
great is the Lord and greatly to be
great is the Lord and greatly to be praised and his greatness is
praised and his greatness is
praised and his greatness is unsearchable one generation shall praise
unsearchable one generation shall praise
unsearchable one generation shall praise your works to another and shall declare
your works to another and shall declare
your works to another and shall declare your mighty acts I will meditate on the
your mighty acts I will meditate on the
your mighty acts I will meditate on the glorious splendor of your majesty and on
glorious splendor of your majesty and on
glorious splendor of your majesty and on your wondrous works men shall speak of
your wondrous works men shall speak of
your wondrous works men shall speak of the might of your awesome ex and I will
the might of your awesome ex and I will
the might of your awesome ex and I will declare your greatness they shall utter
declare your greatness they shall utter
declare your greatness they shall utter the memory of your great goodness and
the memory of your great goodness and
the memory of your great goodness and shall sing of Your righteousness the
shall sing of Your righteousness the
shall sing of Your righteousness the Lord is gracious and full of compassion
Lord is gracious and full of compassion
Lord is gracious and full of compassion slow to anger and great in mercy the
slow to anger and great in mercy the
slow to anger and great in mercy the Lord is good to all and his tender
Lord is good to all and his tender
Lord is good to all and his tender mercies are over all his works all your
mercies are over all his works all your
mercies are over all his works all your works shall praise you O Lord and your
works shall praise you O Lord and your
works shall praise you O Lord and your Saints shall bless you they shall speak
Saints shall bless you they shall speak
Saints shall bless you they shall speak of the glory of your kingdom and talk of
of the glory of your kingdom and talk of
of the glory of your kingdom and talk of your power to make known to the sons of
your power to make known to the sons of
your power to make known to the sons of men his mighty acts and the glorious
men his mighty acts and the glorious
men his mighty acts and the glorious majesty of his kingdom your kingdom is
majesty of his kingdom your kingdom is
majesty of his kingdom your kingdom is an everlasting Kingdom and your Dominion
an everlasting Kingdom and your Dominion
an everlasting Kingdom and your Dominion endures throughout all generations the
endures throughout all generations the
endures throughout all generations the Lord upholds all who fall and raises up
Lord upholds all who fall and raises up
Lord upholds all who fall and raises up all who are bowed down the eyes of all
all who are bowed down the eyes of all
all who are bowed down the eyes of all look expectantly to you and you give
look expectantly to you and you give
look expectantly to you and you give them their food in due season you open
them their food in due season you open
them their food in due season you open your hand and satisfy the desire of
your hand and satisfy the desire of
your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing
every living thing
every living thing the Lord is righteous in all his ways
the Lord is righteous in all his ways
the Lord is righteous in all his ways gracious in all his works the Lord is
gracious in all his works the Lord is
gracious in all his works the Lord is near to all who call upon him to all who
near to all who call upon him to all who
near to all who call upon him to all who call upon him in truth he will fulfill
call upon him in truth he will fulfill
call upon him in truth he will fulfill the desire of those who fear Him he also
the desire of those who fear Him he also
the desire of those who fear Him he also will hear their cry and save them the
will hear their cry and save them the
will hear their cry and save them the Lord preserves all who love him but all
Lord preserves all who love him but all
Lord preserves all who love him but all the wicked he will destroy my mouth
the wicked he will destroy my mouth
the wicked he will destroy my mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord and
shall speak the praise of the Lord and
shall speak the praise of the Lord and all flesh shall bless His Holy Name
all flesh shall bless His Holy Name
all flesh shall bless His Holy Name for ever and ever
for ever and ever
for ever and ever [Music]